
*** Panther and the Barrier-Free Tools
--------------------------------------
The Barrier-Free tools were developed and tested using Mac OS X version 10.2. While we have no reason to expect the tools not to work under Panther, they have not been tested. If you are using Panther, and encounter any problems, please do not hesitate to contact us at help@barrierfree.ca


Barrier-Free Tools
==================

Important Note: The Barrier-Free Tools are beta software. This means that while they have been tested internally, there are still some bugs. This also means that by choosing to use the tools, you agree to provide us with feedback on the problems you encounter to assist us in resolving bugs.

If you encounter problems, please send an email to
	help@barrierfree.ca
with a subject line that includes the phrase
    "BarrierFree bug report"

Please describe the problem in as much detail as you can, including the circumstances in which you were using the tools.

Inside the root folder on your computer's hard drive, you should find files called "BFEditorDebugLog.txt" and "BFPlayerDebugLog.txt"  If you do, please attach these files to your email.

As well, inside your 'home' folder (/Users/youruserid) you should find a file with a name of the form "LR2003-Nov-01.log"  Please attach to your email the file dated for the day you encountered the problem.

Also, please feel free to send an email to help@barrierfree.ca with any questions you may have about the tools, and how to use them.


Installation Instructions
-------------------------

In order to use these tools, you must have QuickTime for Java properly installed on your computer. Visit
    http://www.apple.com/quicktime/qtjava/install.html
for instructions on how to install these tools.

IMPORTANT:
When installing QuickTime for Java, you MUST perform a Custom install of the QuickTime tools, and ensure that both "Internet Extras" and "QuickTime for Java" are selected. Alternatively, you could perform a full install, which automatically installs all options.


To install the Barrier-Free tools, simple double-click the self-extracting archive. It will create a folder called BarrierFree with everything you need in it.

You may place this folder anywhere on your hard drive, but it is important that you not move any of the contents to any other location. The software expects to be in that folder, and it expects everything else that is in it to be there, too.


Things to Know
--------------

The Barrier-Free tools are designed to work with a remote learning object repository which you can search for learning objects to include in your presentation, and to which you publish your presentation. If you do not have an internet connection, or if there is a firewall between you and the repository, you will not be able to search the repository or publish files. You will be able to work with your own learning resources from your hard drive, and save your work locally for later publishing, or for local viewing.

Before you publish any works that you create using the Editor, they are stored in a folder on your hard drive called the Local Cache. Files stored there are maintained between sessions, so you can quit the Editor, and when you restart it, your work will still be there in the cache, and you can continue to modify it.

Once you publish your work to the Repository, the local copies will be removed from the cache, and you will no longer be able to modify them.

Works in progress that are stored in the local cache can be previewed using the Player by selecting the Player's "Open from Local Cache..." option under the File menu. You will be presented with a list of the works that are currently in the cache.


Launching the Editor
--------------------

The BarrierFree folder contains an application called
	BarrierFreeEditor
Simply double-click the file to run the Editor.


Launching the Player
--------------------

The BarrierFree folder contains an application called
	BarrierFreePlayer
Simply double-click the file to run the Player.


Known Issues
------------

When using the Player to preview works in progress, the Player may sometimes quit unexpectedly when reloading a presentation. This is not harmful to the presentation or your computer. Simply restart the Player, and load your presentation again.




-------
Questions or problems: email help@barrierfree.ca
